hello my plans I want a very exciting
announcement to make which is going to
be a brand new project between myself
Tom from Tom rocks maths and I love
mathematics and what we're going to do
is every week we're going to be
answering your math questions I am
officially a doctor of math so I have a
PhD in maths I've also got a degree from
Oxford and Cambridge
I spent my day job working for the naked
scientist team answering master science
questions for the BBC so hopefully I
shouldn't know my stuff and most
importantly I love bats so all you have
to do to get involved is to send me your
math questioned anything you've ever
wanted to know about maths send it over
you can find me on Facebook Twitter and
Instagram all at Tom rocks maths and
then each week we'll pick the top three
questions that have been sent in and
then put it to a vote so not only do you
guys send the questions in you then get
to pick your favorite and the one with
the most votes is the question that will
be answered that week with a special
recorded video from yours truly so
that's it get sending me your questions
at Tom rocks maths